hey guys so today I got a request to do
a review on the Winx Club dolls from the
good-versus-evil pack which is all for
them right here I'm really excited to be
doing this review because the
good-versus-evil pack is one of my
favorite collections from Jack's Pacific
and I'm going to get started the first
doll I'm going to be doing the review on
is icy so I'll start with the face like
I always do so she's got blue eye shadow
on bright red lipstick she's got two
pieces of curly hair in the front her
hair comes and up into this very high
ponytail and here's the ponytail holder
blue and sparkly and it goes straight
down into the back all the way down to
here her outfit is fairly simple it's
just this blue and silver jumpsuit goes
all the way down to her feet she also
has these blue gloves on each hand and a
black cape that's very long goes all the
way down to her boots and it's sparkly
in the front her boots are plain as well
they're very very dark blue this is what
they look like in front from the side
and from the back she also has the
little Winx logo on her back which I
assume if you have an extra pair of
wings from another way except doll you
could stick them in there and just play
with the icy doll like that so that's
icy next it's going to be flora so first
we'll start off with the face flora
hands
um two layers of pink sparkly eyeshadow
on pink lipstick she's got these two
curly pieces of hair in the front and
she also has these two little pigtail
things right there and she's got really
really really wavy hair and it's long
too goes down to the bottom of her dress
her dress itself is really pretty so
it's a halter top goes around her neck
it has this very pretty colorful top
with the blue ribbon then it goes down
it has this pink sparkly cloth on it and
then it comes down to her upper thigh
she's wearing these two pink sparkly
gloves and of course she has green
flowery shoes that's what they look like
from the side and from the back now
moving on to her wings you can see that
it's pinking the wings are pink and
green and sparkly they do come off one
of them is off already so it came off of
that pink thing and her wings Auto come
out like that and there's a little wink
logo in the back there the next doll is
bloom so starting with blooms face okay
so she's got that layer of orange
sparkly eye shadow
she's got pink lipstick and she's got
these two pieces of curly hair which
kind of tucked away at the sides then on
top her hair there's two braids which
get tied together and then
they come loose again and her hair is
wavy and long you can see it goes down
to here her outfit it's all her dress
also a halter top and she has this pink
bow there and lots of ruffles green blue
and they're all sparkly she's wearing
two pink gloves and she has the blue
Enchantix cheese with your sparkle yes
Wow her wings are blue pink yellow very
sparkly and they come off just like
Flora's see there's that there's this
thing again and finally we have Stella
so Stella is wearing yellow and orange
sparkly eyeshadow bright red lipstick
her hair comes to a part and it gets
tied underneath then she has it in Neath
two ponytails and her hair goes straight
down almost to her knees unlike the
others she's not wearing a dress
she's what has a two-piece outfit on so
the first part it's just a plain orange
top with these little with this little
blue trim then she has this orange and
pink skirt with the sparkly piece on
here and two little orange pieces on the
side it's also this blue trim on top she
has two pink sparkly gloves on and
orange
Enchantix shoes her wings are very
sparkly very pretty
they're pink orange and blue and they
have this little tip at the end just
like with the other two dolls the wings
come off
see and then there's that pink thing
okay
all of these dolls are poseable they all
Bend in the same way their heads move
their arms move they bend at the knees
and their wings flap when their hair is
not in the way and with that I'm going
to conclude this review I showed you
guys just about everything on these
dolls so I really hope you enjoy the
review it's always fun to film these for
you guys and I will see you in my next
video bye